SQL updates and gap filling (#4911)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-serverless/reference/sql/functions/string.md

{{% /expand %}}
{{< /expand-wrapper >}}

## uuid

> Returns UUID v4 string value which is unique per row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a UUID v4 string value that is unique per row.
```

```sql
uuid()
```

{{< expand-wrapper >}}
{{% expand "View `upper` query example" %}}

> _The following example uses the sample data set provided in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_The following example uses the sample data set provided in the
```
